(Episode 14)
Please come to the Mok-dong house.
I need to have a word with you urgently.
What does he have to tell me urgently?
He'll probably tell me
to console his mother.
How shall I console her?
Should I do it like Yeon Ju?
If you laugh, blessings will come your way.
No, she will probably want
to slap me if I do this.
I'll just give her 10,000 dollars like
my usual style.
I'll say, "There's nothing to life."
Go on a trip somewhere.
Spend all of that money in a day.
I should just give her 10,000 dollars.
Hey, drive faster.
What?
She's my daughter.
Han Gyul is mine.
Are you serious?
Is the child outside...
really...
your daughter? Is it true?
I'm sorry.
Oh, my. You must be her.
You know how to open the door?
You're my in-law.
Gosh, you are the spitting image of Yeon Ju's father-in-law.
Why is it so quiet in here?
Missy, where is your dad?
Dad?
Your dad is inside the room?
I see.
Let's go.
Oh, my. She dropped the honorifics.
Hold on.
I, a woman of elegance, can't open...
my in-law's bedroom door even if we're close.
I'm going to wait out here.
Please go into the room,
and bring your daddy out here, okay?
This much money will put an end to all of this.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Yeon Ju.
I know how you must feel right now.
I'm sure you are shivering with the sense of betrayal.
However, it was never my intention to hide it from you.
Father was trying to protect me, and this happened.
Anyhow,
I'm too ashamed of myself to face you...
or Mom.
All right.
If you know what happened, you'll understand.
We didn't deceive you.
It was a mistake he made before he married you.
This is an extenuating circumstance.
So calm down.
After you hear the whole story...
Why did you come in? The adults are talking.
Stay outside.
What?
This kid really is bad at reading the room.
Let's go out.
Han Gyul, we're talking about something very important.
Please go outside.
Hey, hey. I don't know what's gotten into her.
Hey, she's distracting.
You should leave the room with Han Gyul.
I will explain everything to her.
You're here, Mother.
How strange.
I asked her to bring your dad.
Why did she bring you out here?
I guess she doesn't like your father...
because he looks like an old grandpa.
Missy, this is...
not your dad. He's your older brother.
He's your brother.
No, he's my dad.
Goodness, she likes good-looking guys too.
She doesn't like her father because he looks old.
I guess she wants to have a young dad.
But did your father go somewhere?
We have a lot to discuss, so why don't we go into the study?
But where's Yeon Ju?
Why is it so quiet in here?
She's with Mom as she's not feeling too well.
Poor her.
I take it that your mother was deeply shocked by it.
I should go and comfort her.
No.
She'll feel uneasy. You should stay here.
Is that so?
But you said you needed to talk to me.
Go ahead.
Mother.
Yes?
- The truth is... - Stop.
I'm sorry, but can you give me a cup of water?
- Water? - Yes.
I forgot to take my medicine.
Let's talk after I take my medicine. I'm sorry.
Sure.
Stop crying, Yeon Ju.
It's my fault since I raised my son wrong.
I'm the one to blame here. Stop crying.
Goodness, this is a misunderstanding.
Yeon Ju, once you hear the whole story, you'll understand.
Please compose yourself, and hear me out.
Hurry.
Here you go, Yeon Ju. Here.
Understand? How could I understand what happened?
Do you think you can understand Mother...
if she had an affair and brought a child home with her?
I can forgive So Won if he went bankrupt,
but I cannot forgive the fact that he cheated on me.
He didn't cheat on you.
So Won has never betrayed you.
If he didn't have an affair, how could this happen?
It's not like a child can appear out of nowhere.
That's precisely it.
Han Gyul was conceived before So Won met you.
When he was single, he got a girl pregnant.
His ex-girlfriend gave birth by herself...
without so much as a single word to us.
So Won had no idea. It was like a bolt out of the blue.
Honey, then who is the mother?
Who do you think it is?
It's that ridiculous girl. Her name was Su Mi or something.
Su Mi?
When So Won went to serve his duty in the army,
she disappeared without saying a word.
If she was pregnant by then,
why would she disappear?
She should've told us that. Why did she leave?
That's true. She should've begged and gotten married.
Why would she leave?
Gosh.
Hold on.
I remember that from the start, you didn't like her...
for her qualifications.
By any chance, did you visit her and tell her to break up with him?
How many times do I need to tell you?
I didn't force her to break up with him.
She voluntarily broke up with him.
When So Won was an army doctor,
that girl came to me.
She told me that she was pregnant with his baby.
So?
She made a deal with me.
In exchange for getting an abortion,
she wanted money for her mom's liver transplant.
It was her who wanted to negotiate, not vice versa.
You're unbelievable.
You're right. As you said,
I didn't like her from the start.
So I only accepted her deal.
I only trusted her promise that she will get the abortion.
I have forgotten all about it until now.
But she resurfaced out of nowhere after six years...
and caused this catastrophe under the excuse of that child.
So you made all the decisions alone even...
without notifying So Won, the father of the child. Am I right?
And you used money in the process?
In other words, you've been toying...
with the lives of Su Mi, So Won, and your grandchild...
who is outside. Aren't I right?
Watch your tongue! What did I do wrong?
Name one person who wouldn't make the same decision in that situation!
I put all of my time and effort to raise So Won.
Why would I let some undeserving girl have So Won?
I did my best for my son.
So, Yeon Ju.
You see how So Won has done nothing wrong, don't you?
There are no guys...
who never dated once or twice before their marriage.
So Won just got unlucky.
The dice has been thrown.
Everything depends on you now.
Don't you love So Won?
Don't you? So you need to think about this carefully.
Decide if you will end your marriage after weeping over the misfortune.
Or if you'll be wise...
and overcome this crisis with us.
What kind of medicine is it?
My blood pressure is high.
Besides, I had a myocardial infarction surgery a long time ago.
I have stents inserted right here.
They are bothersome. So the doctor prescribed the medicine.
You don't have to go to the hospital?
My doctor said I just need to avoid getting shocked.
But what was it that you wanted to tell me?
You're not going to shock...
me by telling me something, are you?
Yes?
That is...
Why are you sweating so much...
when the weather is so cold?
Are you sick?
I'm not.
What is it? Hurry and tell me.
What is it? What do you want to say?
Mother, that is...
What is taking you so long? You're annoying me.
Just tell me. I'm almost like your real mother.
Did you do something wrong?
Just confess.
I'll forgive everything. What is it?
Mother, actually...
I...
It's really annoying. You're driving me crazy.
I said I would forgive everything. Why are you taking so much time?
As long as you don't have a child with another woman like your father,
I'll understand everything.
I'll forgive you. What is it?
I'm sorry.
Actually, Han Gyul is...
Mom, when did you come?
It's been a while since I came here.
What were you doing? Where were you?
- Oh, my. - Gosh.
Did you come?
You've been through a lot of trouble.
You went through a lot of trouble to make a baby,
raise her,
and not let your wife know about this.
You look gaunt.
You must be lacking energy.
I'm okay.
Mom, Mother is sick.
Let's go home.
What are you talking about?
I brought this to give...
this to your mother-in-law.
It'll make her feel...
a little better.
- I'll give this to her. - Mom, please.
Let's just go.
Is the situation not good?
Okay, let's go.
Wait, why did I come here?
You're here to take me home.
Let's go.
Something doesn't feel right.
- Let's go. - Okay.
- It's so late, let me apologize. - Yes.
- I'll see you out. - Okay.
Let's go.
What are you going to do?
Do you also want her to faint?
I'll tell her myself. Just don't say anything.
The people that I hate the most...
are the ones that try to benefit from others' weaknesses.
Chef.
Are you okay?
Sometimes, I really hate people.
Don't disappoint me.
Okay.
Let's start the meeting.
Intern, where are you sitting?
You didn't prepare tea.
I'm sorry, I'll do that.
Don't nag her too much.
She'll get fired anyway.
Excuse me? Where is the menu development team?
Myung Rang.
Hi, Intern.
How did you come here?
I heard you were going to enlist in the army. What happened?
I quit.
The army won't accept me.
Just because I'm too old.
I knew you would quit soon.
Why are you here?
Guess why I'm here.
I asked for the interim report for the Christmas promotion until today.
Here it is.
You already completed the recipe.
I already have a couple of hundred recipes for new menus.
They all want to leave my head.
All I have to do is choose one.
You're amazing.
He is. I just have a concept.
This is the difference between original and fake.
Original and fake, winner and one who's here through connections.
Watch and learn from him.
How can the chef and assistant both be so incompetent?
Please take that back.
I might be,
- but he isn't. - Intern.
Do you know how much trivial work is left undone from your absence?
Clean up before you start complaining.
I'll clean for you.
Myung Rang.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Lee Myung Rang, the new contract worker.
I'll help you clean up.
What are you doing?
Let me go.
This way.
Oh, my.
Wait for me.
Is this a neighborhood meeting?
They seem to travel in packs.
Try it, and tell me how it is.
Why are we here?
We need to work hard since Manager Joo doesn't like us.
Eating is important.
We need to eat, even if they call us fake and unworthy.
Here.
It tastes a little different.
It's really tender for pork.
Is the meat cured?
You really have absolute taste.
It's not cured, but it's cooked it in a special way.
I didn't know that it could taste so different.
It's delicious.
Look who's here.
It's been a long time.
Who is she?
Don't jump to conclusions.
How is the meat?
It's delicious.
Please enjoy.
Chef Jung is our VIP.
I have something to ask you.
Really?
Eat first.
Gosh.
(Forever my love, Tae Yang)
Forever my love, Tae Yang?
Why didn't you eat the meat?
I'm not hungry.
What's wrong?
You usually finish four servings.
When did I finish four servings?
You think I'm a glutton.
Wait. Sit down.
Why are you doing this suddenly?
Why is this so sudden for you?
I don't know why you're doing this, but eat before you leave.
No.
I don't want to eat a single bite with you here.
Chef Jung?
Hello, Chairman.
Do you know this place too?
Yes, a little.
Excuse me, but we must leave first.
Have a nice meal.
Thanks for the meal.
You must know him well.
Of course. I know him well.
(New York Sous Vide Steak)
What's New York Sous Vide Steak?
It's a luxurious menu that will enhance the level of our restaurant.
We'll use Korean beef that has the best flavor among beefs...
from the healthiest female cows,
and cure them using the sous vide method...
This isn't a French restaurant. It's a family restaurant.
We can't afford the expensive ingredients.
If we double the customers and sell it with...
a low-price high-volume policy.
Do I even have to care about management now?
Chef No,
do you think this could get selected as the new menu?
You should take a look at Chef Jung's and prepare.
Why are you giving this to me?
Sometimes the imitations are better than the original.
Copy this word for word.
What are you going to do?
Just do as I tell you.
I'll take care of the rest.
You told me you know Jung Tae Yang very well.
How did you meet him?
He saved my life.
He saved my restaurant by developing this menu.
Really?
He taught us how to cure the meat and made it cost-effective.
Thanks to him, our profit doubled,
but he refuses to receive royalties.
So he did everything for free?
Yes.
He's not only a good chef, but also a loyal friend.
He's famous for that among his friends.
He's kind of unique.
Even in a world like this,
he's a person that cares more about friends than money.
Why are you angry?
All right.
Then pick.
One, there wasn't enough meat.
Two, the meat was too tough.
Three,
you regret leaving leftovers.
You must think of me as a glutton.
Gosh, that's why. I should've guessed.
You wanted pork more than beef. This is my answer.
What am I to you, Chef?
You're my assistant.
There's one more.
You have absolute taste.
All right.
I know why you are angry.
It's because of Do Hee.
You dated in the past, didn't you?
How did you know that?
Did it show that much?
(Forever my love, Tae Yang)
Am I nothing to you?
How can you take me to a restaurant owned by your ex-girlfriend?
And you hugged her in front of me.
And when she asked us if we're dating,
you told her not to misunderstand and didn't answer properly.
How can you treat me like this?
Lee Ru Ri.
You're so adorable.
What?
Myung Tae was your only boyfriend in the past, wasn't he?
You weren't even dating him for real.
Why are you bringing that up now?
Do you like me so much that you feel jealous?
No!
Really?
Then why did you get jealous over someone that doesn't matter?
It's not someone that doesn't...
matter?
Yes.
Do Hee's my friend from elementary school.
She manages the restaurant with her husband,
and I helped her out a little when it didn't go well.
Then...
But did you really have to take me there?
I could have misunderstood the situation.
I took her there because the concept for the new menu is pork neck steak.
First, I went there with you to do some research on sauces.
Second, I talked to her alone...
to refuse royalties.
Third,
I didn't tell her about us...
because she'd know just by looking at my eyes...
that I like you.
And just so that you won't misunderstand in the future,
my ex-girlfriends are like the military to me.
They are simply passing memories.
I don't want to go back.
Then...
later...
later,
if we break up,
would I be like military to you?
Why?
Does it scare you?
Sometimes, sometimes,
there are some people that wish to stay...
in the military because they like it so much.
I might become like them too.
Meat.
Gosh, the meat.
It's such a waste. We left so much meat.
We should have taken it to go.
He wants to become a beauty consultant.
He wants to teach make-up skills that fit different people.
Goodness, that brat.
Why doesn't he understand his parents?
Woo Joo said he won't go to school starting next week.
What?
Did you just let him?
Of course I did.
He's not a colt. We can't force him.
I can't live like this. It's suffocating me.
I can't meet Woo Joo and your eyes while living in the same house.
We should see an end to this today.
There's no end to this.
Become his bodyguard,
so he won't do anything wrong before he graduates.
We need to go somewhere together.
Make a decision after you've been there.
Get ready.
What are you going to do?
The necklace?
If we give it to her,
she's going to let you register to the academy.
But I don't feel like doing that. Dad hates her so much.
That's exactly why we should do that.
She told us that's the only way for them to get on good terms again.
It's going to be a win-win situation.
I don't know.
Mom didn't like it when we looked at her necklace.
Gosh, you're so frustrating.
Are you going to do it or not?
Eun Byul.
Eun Byul, you've been studying so hard since morning.
You might go to Seoul University.
Dad, don't interrupt me.
All right.
But you can study later.
Let's go out.
Where?
You'll know when you get there.
I'm busy today. I'm going to finish all these problems.
Did you find anything about Jung Hwa Young?
I received some calls from Seattle.
She ran away with a fake identity,
so there was a high possibility she was involved in serious crime.
So he searched Kang Anna's criminal history.
What did he find?
There are three women with the same name.
He's going to track the one that seems most likely to be her.
She must have done something awful.
If Eun Byul brings her ex-husband's photo today,
Jung Hwa Young is not going to be able to do anything.
The lip colors that will be popular this fall...
are burgundy and nude colors.
I'll create a romantic mood...
with this burgundy color.
First, it's important to match the tone of the face.
For her,
- she has a pale face... - What are you doing?
He's Woo Joo's role model.
This year, the burgundy color with a more blackish red color is in trend.
But nude colors...
that help express the face tone naturally will be popular too.
Look at Woo Joo.
Have you seen his eyes glittering like that before?
What about his happy face?
If this is what he truly wants to do,
neither of us have the right to stop him.
I found it.
I found the necklace, Grandma.
Okay. Good job.
Send me a picture of it.
No. I'll go there now. Give me the money for the academy.
Okay. I'll send you the car now.
- Ms. Go Eun Byul? - Yes.
Are we going to the office?
I have to be home soon.
Do you want me to give her the necklace?
No.
It's important. I'm only going to show it to Grandma.
I've thinking about this for so long.
I'm not running away to avoid studying.
Then?
Are you sure about it?
I tried to be a tough guy like you wanted,
but I can't do it.
I'm different from other kids.
- Woo Joo. - I'm serious.
I don't want to waste my teenage years sleeping...
through classes that I don't even understand.
What you chase this dream but end up giving up?
What are you going to do then?
Then I'll find another way.
Kim Woo Joo! You're going to ruin your life.
Honey. Hold on.
I think he's right.
We keep making mistakes in our lives too.
It's his life.
We need to help him...
find his own way of life.
Let's register him at the academy.
Dad.
Eun Byul. Did you wait for long?
Sorry. The meeting took longer than I thought.
Why didn't you have the pizza?
I couldn't eat it. I'm scared.
Don't be afraid.
You're not doing anything bad.
I told you. This is to help your big brother.
Take a look at it, and give it back please.
I need to put this back before Mom comes back.
Okay. Show me.
My goodness. This is really old.
You got an urgent call from Seattle.
Really?
Eun Byul. Wait here.
Hey, Woo Joo.
Hey, Sister. Where are you?
What do you think? I'm meeting Grandma.
You showed her already?
No. Not yet.
Don't show Grandma the necklace.
Bring it back now.
Why? You want to register...
Mom said yes. She said she'll register me at the academy.
I felt guilty about it anyway. Let's stop it.
Bring it back quickly.
Where did she go?
Did she go to the restroom?
Oh, my. Are you okay?
Yes. I'm sorry.
You should watch where you're going, little lady.
What is it? Are you hurt?
What?
Are you okay, kid?
It's my fault. I'm sorry.
Where did I see her?
It's strange. They look the same.
How could this happen?
It went well.
- Good job. - It's nothing.
He knows Grandma too.
Who on earth is he?
Is it delicious, Han Gyul?
Eat a lot. Chew it well.
Han Gyul is my daughter.
Did you scream, Yeon Ju?
The TV's off, but I hear screaming.
No.
Get up, baby.
I made some porridge with mung beans.
Have some.
I don't feel like eating.
I want to be alone, Mom. Just leave.
What's wrong, baby?
Did something happen?
Why are you suffering by yourself?
Did your in-laws say something to you?
Tell me.
I'm a problem solver.
I'll settle it for you. Tell me. What is it?
- Mom. - Yes.
You know my youngest sister-in-law?
Yes.
Should I raise her?
What in the world are you talking about?
He must've gone crazy.
Did he convince you...
to raise his half-sister?
Now that he's taking us...
for granted,
he wants more?
Mom. That's not it.
What is it then?
If it looks like a duck and walks like a duck, it's a duck.
That ungrateful jerk. I need to set him straight.
I'm going to teach him a lesson. Don't stop me.
- Mom. Please. - Let go of me.
- Don't stop me. - You're driving me crazy.
Oh, my goodness.
Hello?
Did you eat?
I'm not feeling well.
Just tell me the reason you called.
Of course, I understand.
You must be upset.
That's why I called.
I found out a way to solve your problem.
So will you...
meet me at So Won's office?
I can't go out right now.
If you have something to tell me, come to my house.
I can't tell you something that important at your house.
I'll be waiting at his office.
Please come.
See you later.
Darn it.
I even have to take care of my daughter-in-law.
Gosh.
Are you going somewhere? I need to talk to you.
Yes, I'm going to solve the problem that you caused.
What are you talking about?
I don't have enough time, so I'm just going to say one thing.
If something happens...
to So Won's marriage life because of you,
it's all because of you. All right?
Gosh.
Gosh, in this house,
there's always someone that causes problems and others that solve them.
Without me, nothing will ever get solved.
When I come back, I'm going to scold you.
You should be repenting. All right?
My goodness.
Gosh.
Han Gyul,
do you want to go somewhere with Grandmother?
Okay. You need to be presentable, so let's wash your face first.
Did you call her?
What are you going to say now?
What do you mean?
It's for both of your sakes.
Let's see.
First, Yeon Ju,
what do you think? Just tell me everything.
I can't think straight right now.
It's just...
I cry all the time.
It feels like there's a stone pressuring me in my heart.
It hurts so much.
It's so humiliating, so I can't tell anyone about this.
When I try to get to sleep,
I feel so angry...
and I want to run outside.
I don't have any excuses.
Whatever you choose to do, I'll respect your decision.
You're going to pass me the responsibility now?
It's not like that.
I want to make sure you get what you want.
Then is that true?
Like what Father said,
is it true you had no idea about Han Gyul?
It's the truth.
After I left her mother,
I never contacted her.
I know for a fact that that's true.
Why did you marry me?
If you had a woman you loved so much,
why did you marry me only six months after breaking up with her?
That's because he loved you.
Please don't interrupt us!
Okay.
I'll leave. You should continue without me.
Tell me honestly.
It wasn't love, was it?
You chose me because of my mother's money.
That may have been one of the reasons.
You're right.
Like you said, it wasn't love.
But I like the fact that you were bright.
I was suffering mentally,
but when I was with you, I could forget about Su Mi.
That's why I chose you.
I knew it.
While I was with you,
I never felt like I was being loved.
Is that why...
Is that why you want me to choose?
To you, this is a loveless marriage,
so you don't care if we get divorced?
Are you saying you won't have regrets even if I want a divorce?
Is getting a divorce that easy for you?
I... I...
I'm so afraid that I'll lose you because of Han Gyul.
I can't eat.
I can't even sleep.
Is that all you have to say to me?
Fine, I understand now.
If you want to get a divorce,
I'll do it for you.
I'm sick of my one-sided love.
All right.
Do whatever you want to do in life.
I'll let you go.
I'm going to let you go.
Let me go.
Let me go, please.
Hello.
- Welcome. - Hello.
Do you need something?
Can you recommend some clothes for my child?
Gosh, she's so pretty. She must take after you.
Really? Does she?
Yes, she has your aura.
Han Gyul, didn't you have something you wanted to buy?
Go on.
Really?
Of course.
Did you want to wear something like that?
All right. I'll buy it for you. Choose something else too.
Did you make a decision?
It's not something we can decide about.
I made a decision.
I...
can't get a divorce with So Won.
I love him too much to get a divorce.
Okay.
Then I'll make things simple for you...
and solve the problem.
Don't think about Han Gyul.
Continue living as you did.
That doesn't make sense. How can we not think about Han Gyul?
I'm going to register her as my daughter.
Your mother and I are young.
We'll just think of her as a late child.
So you don't need to mention it to Mrs. Yang.
You don't even need to feel pressured financially or mentally.
Father.
Why? Are you worried about your mom?
Her son is about to get divorced.
She will definitely agree to this.
So from now on, Han Gyul is officially...
your sister.
If you can do that for us, I won't speak a word about this.
Raising Han Gyul is also a problem,
but if Mom finds about this, she won't let us live together.
Thank you, Father.
All right.
I can't do that.
I don't think I can live comfortably if I make you take care of her.
I can't do this to my child and my mother-in-law...
any longer.
This is the something I did wrong. I'm going to take responsibility.
So Won! How can you even say that?
That means you're willing to get a divorce from me.
How can you say that?
I'm sorry.
But this is the best I can do.
If your mother disagrees,
I'll persuade her.
She doesn't get persuaded by anyone.
I don't know about anything else,
but she won't yield to this problem.
You're so cruel.
You pity her,
yet you don't care about me.
All right. Do as you want.
Whether you raise the child or not, live as you like.
Yeon Ju.
Hey!
Gosh, you fool.
I'll take care of this situation.
Just keep your mouth shut.
Understand?
Oh, my goodness.
You're so beautiful, princess.
Who bought you this cat?
It's a tiger.
I can tell you remember me from your expression.
Why did you come here?
I don't know what you want,
but I don't want anything to do with your family.
There's nothing I want from you.
You still gave birth to a child from our family.
I thought I should see you at least once.
What was in your mind when you did that?
You should've talked to us when you got pregnant.
If you were going to have her without saying anything,
you should've assumed full responsibility.
My family is a mess because of Han Gyul right now.
Are you saying it's all my fault?
Is that why you're here?
Look.
- I'm not here to blame you. - Why didn't you...
treat me nicely in the first place?
When I went to introduce myself,
Father didn't even look at me.
He was smiling, but he rejected me with his whole body.
But you should've never asked for money over pregnancy.
Is that what Father told you?
Sure, I did,
but after I went to your house,
Father called me at work three times.
He said he had something to say and wanted to meet behind So Won's back.
I never said yes, but it was obvious.
Leave.
I didn't do anything wrong.
If I went to see Father, he would've given me money anyway.
Since that was the case, I simply asked for more,
so I could pay for my dying mom's surgery,
and feed the baby inside me.
Is... Is that so wrong?
If you were going to be so cold, you should've become happy.
Look at you now.
Don't you feel ashamed to see your child?
So I'm asking you to raise her.
Pretend I'm dead, and raise her.
Please.
Children grow up every day.
It'll be the biggest punishment...
for you...
to miss her growing up.
Let's meet again...
after you get released.
Are your legs tired, Han Gyul?
Let's just walk to the cab.
What's wrong?
Han Gyul.
Do you want me to give you a piggyback ride?
Here.
Come on. Here we go.
Is Dad coming home today?
I don't know.
He's busy.
I wish he comes home.
Jung Tae Yang's unique.
He's a person that cares more about friends than money.
What's this bracelet?
My mother gave me that bracelet...
saying that it'll protect me wherever I am.
It's my small gift for you to recover fast.
What do you think?
It's too sweet.
I know.
I've been working on it lately, but I can't find the right sauce.
Should I try?
Can you?
You said I have absolute taste.
Let me try it.
I'll make a few sauces. Just evaluate it.
Okay.
Then I'll go look for ingredients. Take care of the sauce please.
Yes.
I'll practice every day after work.
You can't do that alone.
Only the regular employees can stay until late.
Really?
My house is chaotic now.
I'll lend you this. Just don't get caught.
An employee card!
Yes, Chef.
You're still here?
Hello.
Sir.
Will you have a cup of tea with me?
I didn't know my company had such a good view.
Do you come here often?
Yes. I come here often with her...
when I'm out of ideas.
You two must have good harmony.
No. I'm learning a lot from him.
Sure. He has many good qualities.
He'll be a good teacher.
Sir.
I think I misunderstood you.
You even made breakfast for me.
Anyway, I'm sorry.
It's fine.
I don't have good memory.
I don't trust people because my life...
was lonely and intense.
I've learned a lot from it too.
It doesn't sound like you when you said you were lonely.
The brighter the light, the darker the shadow.
Call us anytime.
We'll be your friends when you feel lonely.
Sure. I know many interesting places.
Karaoke is good too.
There's a claw machine down here, and bowling too.
I'm not sure if you want me to join you or pay for you,
but sure.
- Sure. - Sure.
Really?
Yes.
He looks a lot older than the picture, but he looks the same.
How is that possible?
He looked so wealthy.
His outfit was neat and sophisticated.
I wonder what he does.
I'm not sure, but he knows Grandma.
I sneaked up behind me. He went into the restaurant to talk to Grandma.
Is he a regular customer then?
I don't know.
Anyway, I was shocked.
If he's really Tae Yang's father, they could meet each other.
Right. He goes to the restaurant where Tae Yang works.
I'm nervous.
Wait. Tae Yang doesn't know his father's face.
He wouldn't recognize him.
Right.
He's such a cool man. Why does Mom never talk about him?
Let's find it out.
Autumn gizzards taste the best.
They say that daughter-in-laws that ran away from home...
come back home prepared for death by stoning.
Eat up.
What's wrong?
You were so in love with your husband.
Did you fight?
I don't want to eat. Excuse me.
You're so stubborn.
I can forgive anything,
but I can't have you bring someone else's child.
Her father is alive and well.
Why do you act up and insist you raise her?
Why do you keep saying that nonsense?
You reap what you sow.
Your father is responsible.
You should just leave him to it.
- Mother. - Stop.
You should comfort Yeon Ju.
Go to her bazaar, and spend a lot of money.
That's your responsibility as a human being.
Don't even think about raising your half-sister.
Do you understand?
Han Gyul, let's wash your face.
What is it? What were you looking at?
It's all right. Just show me.
Do you miss your dad?
When will I see him again?
Well.
Who can stop blood relations?
Let's finish this today.
Welcome.
Your building's price has increased.
- Yes. - Go in and buy something.
- Go in and buy something good. - All right.
- Go in. - Thank you.
- Hi. - Mrs. Yang.
Welcome.
This is at a different level.
It's not easy to become a chairwoman like me.
You've always been generous. Go inside, and buy something.
- Go in, and buy something. - All right.
All right.
(Man Who Sets the Table)
I'm not going to divorce him,
nor am I going to raise her.
Where did she go?
Han Gyul. Han Gyul!
I can't calm down, can I?
What are you hiding from me?
Tell me the truth. Right now.
That child...
is my daughter.